I think that this environment can be very accepting if you really try.
But for the most part, looking at the thing that they're asking you
to do and then seeing the result from my experience, it seems that
most of the time they asked you to do reasonable things in a reasonable,
reasonable amount of time. Um, if they say you know what we need,
Um, you need to do preventive maintenance on this pump on DWI. Give
you like, two days for this. There's almost no excuse for why you
can't do it, of course, like let's say you break your leg or let's
say you open it up and there's a wrench in there that you have to do
something else Thio, you know, like get it out. You know they're those
exceptions, But, um, aside from exceptions, the Navy is really good,
you know, in the in the top 99 percentile of asking you to do Onley
things that you can do. And I think that it's your job that if
you cannot do the job in the requested amount of time, it's your responsibility
and we train you on this that you have to tell them before.
So that means with those two things, A. We're giving you a reasonable
amount of things to do and be You should tell us beforehand if
it ever gets to the point where it's the end and you say I'm sorry
it didn't happen. Um, most of the time, I'm not pretty forgiving about
that, and rightly so.